README.md, before:

# Drupal API Raycast Extension

Search Drupal API documentation directly from Raycast.

Here is a link to my [original repository](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api).

## Features

- Search [Drupal's API](https://api.drupal.org) directly from Raycast (only returns the first 50 items).
- Press `Enter` to open the link directly.

![How it works](/assets/image.png)

![How it works 2](/assets/image-2.png)

## Future Development

My plan is to let the user choose which version of Drupal to search in. It currently only searches in Drupal 10's API.

## Issues / Support

Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api/issues/new) if you have any ideas/feature requests or if anything goes wrong.
I'll be happy to help!

Pull requests are also welcome ;-).

[Source code](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api)

## Extension Icon

If anyone has pity on me, they're more than welcome to design a new logo for the extension. Here's what I've considered so far:

[<img src="/assets/logo-1.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-1.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-2.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-2.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-3.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-3.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-4.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-4.png)

Below are all the logos in the right dimensions listed. They're shown here to avoid breaking Raycast's guidelines 😄🤣

[<img src="/assets/logo-1_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-1_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-2_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-2_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-3_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-3_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-4_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-4_512x512.png)

Commit message:

Add functionality for users to select which version of Drupal to search

README.md, after:

# Drupal API Raycast Extension

Search Drupal API documentation directly from Raycast.

Here is a link to my [original repository](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api).

## Features

- Search [Drupal's API](https://api.drupal.org) directly from Raycast (only returns the first 50 items).
- Select which version of Drupal you want to search in.
- Press `Enter` to open the link directly.

![How it works](/assets/image.png)

![How it works 2](/assets/image-2.png)

## Future Development

No further development except for bug fixes. Extension is considered feature-done.

## Issues / Support

Feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api/issues/new) if you have any ideas/feature requests or if anything goes wrong.
I'll be happy to help!

Pull requests are also welcome ;-).

[Source code](https://github.com/BossElijah/raycast-extension-drupal-api)

## Extension Icon

If anyone has pity on me, they're more than welcome to design a new logo for the extension. Here's what I've considered so far:

[<img src="/assets/logo-1.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-1.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-2.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-2.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-3.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-3.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-4.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-4.png)

Below are all the logos in the right dimensions listed. They're shown here to avoid breaking Raycast's guidelines 😄🤣

[<img src="/assets/logo-1_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-1_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-2_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-2_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-3_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-3_512x512.png)
[<img src="/assets/logo-4_512x512.png" width="200" height="200"/>](/assets/logo-4_512x512.png)
